# Week of 11/18/2024 - 11/24/2024

## Meeting Start Time

2024/11/24/22:00

## Meeting End Time

2024/11/24/22:00

## Location/Medium

Meeting was held over Discord.

## Present

Levi, Hunter, Riley, Tia

## Minute Recorder

Levi

## Topics Discussed

In this meeting, we discussed our current methodology of grabbing documents. Currently, we are just grabbing the document 
name and the details, but we also need an ID, for when we go back to regrab the document. We discussed a good way of handling
this ID, and we're going to try implementing it coming up. Furthermore, Riley has made more progress on PDF editing, and Levi
has made strong progress on the client page. We are currently waiting on Gabriel to get back to us about the current testing
stack that Accutech uses, so we can make sure that our project abides by their stack. Both Hunter and Tia were swamped this week,
so they weren't able to get much done.

## Things Clarified

We clarified what our intentions are for the upcoming week. Primarily, we will be focused on the following:
- Riley: Continuing to use the iText PDF library and creating a way for admin to create text boxes for signatures.
- Levi: Now that the external link has been created, we need to be able to email it. Also, testing.
- Tia: Creating different pages for admin and client operations.
- Hunter: Automating the table setup for deployments as well as creating buttons to clear out the tables.

