# Week of 11/25/2024 - 12/1/2024

## Meeting Start Time

2024/12/1/21:00

## Meeting End Time

2024/12/1/21:30

## Location/Medium

Meeting was held over Discord.

## Present

Levi, Hunter, Riley, Tia

## Minute Recorder

Levi

## Topics Discussed

In this meeting, we discussed the final steps that we've completed recently, and what needs to be done for the cleanup
when finalizing our current progress on the project. At the moment, we have created a suitable area to edit documents and
for clients to access their documents. We have also created an email service that sends out the link to the client side via email
(although this is currently being tested via ethereal email as we get it to properly work.) We have also added tests for the backend
used to test the API.

## Things Clarified

The above features need to be merged into the main branch to ensure that they all work together as planned. After we have merged
together these features, we will continue to work on the following:
- Created an email address field to control where the email is sent
- Creating more unit tests to test the new features, and checking the overall functionality ourselves
- Adding a delete button to ensure that the individual documents and records can be deleted.
