# Week of 10/21/2024 - 10/27/2024

## Meeting Start Time

2024/10/27/16:00

## Meeting End Time

2024/10/27/16:50

## Location/Medium

Meeting was held over Discord.

## Present

Levi, Hunter, Riley, Tia

## Minute Recorder

Levi

## Topics Discussed

We used this meeting to check on everyone's progress. We have made progress in the following areas.
- Ability to upload documents to the website and create a backend endpoint to recieve them. (However, we are still having
some issues with ensuring the post request can go through.)
- Creation of a admin website where documents can be uploaded, viewed, and sent.
- Creation of a client website where clients will be able to choose their document and name, and sign it accordingly.

There are several aspects that we want to improve upon past the first iteration. This includes making uploading a document
into a popup, or allowing a url to contain all information to automatically pull up a document for the client signing it.

## Things Clarified

The current priorities are:

- Levi will be working on the ability to view and send documents from the main page.
- Tia will be working on development of the pages for admins and the signing for clients.
- Hunter is working on allowing clients to sign the documents that they have been sent.
- Riley is working on fixing the issue with not having post requests go through to the back end.
