~~# Week of 10/07/2024 - 10/13/2024

## Meeting Start Time

2024/10/12/16:30

## Meeting End Time

2024/10/12/17:15

## Location/Medium

Meeting was held over Discord.

## Present

Levi, Hunter, Riley, Tia

## Minute Recorder

Levi

## Topics Discussed

We used this time to begin work on iteration 1. Working environments have been setup so people are able to begin development.
We've distributed work - Hunter is focusing on the client's ability to sign documents, Tia is focusing on creating an interface
for admin and clients to interact with, and Hunter and Levi are working on the back end for the interface and the ability for
admin to upload, sign, and send documents. These have been distributed, and we are continuing weekly meetings to ensure that 
no individual member becomes too isolated working on their section. These tasks have been distributed so that the product at the
end of iteration one can be used by the client as is.

## Things Clarified

We have set up a good schedule for people to work on individual aspects. Riley and Levi working on the back end will start
with being able to upload documents. With good communication, we will find exactly what needs to be worked on, and make 
it happen for a strong start to iteration 1.
