# Week of 11/11/2024 - 11/17/2024

## Meeting Start Time

2024/11/11/21:00

## Meeting End Time

2024/11/11/21:30

## Location/Medium

Meeting was held over Discord.

## Present

Levi, Hunter, Riley, Tia

## Minute Recorder

Levi

## Topics Discussed

In this meeting, we talked about the different methods that could be used to help improve upon the applications' functionality.
Primarily, we discussed how there are specific libraries that could be used to render a pdf out on the screen. Furthermore,
we also discussed the potential of using a multi page application, making it easier for us to separate the different admin
functionalities  into different pages, as well as a separate section for client side operations.

## Things Clarified

We clarified what our intentions are for the upcoming week. Primarily, we will be focused on the following:
- Riley: Figuring out what libraries are available for PDF rendering and how to implement them.
- Levi: Figuring out how to handle an external link that can be emailed to a client to be signed.
- Tia: Creating different pages for admin and client operations.
- Hunter: Automating the table setup for deployments as well as creating buttons to clear out the tables.

