# Week of 1/13/2025 - 1/19/2025

## Meeting Start Time

2025/01/19/14:00

## Meeting End Time

2025/01/19/14:30

## Location/Medium

Meeting was held over Discord.

## Present

Levi, Hunter, Riley, Tia

## Minute Recorder

Levi

## Topics Discussed

We used this meeting to discuss issues that we're dealing with in the project's development currently. Mainly, two stick out,
both related to testing. Riley has been having some difficulties making front-end testing work. It doesn't seem to stay lined
up with the program as it should, and we only have functional back-end testing. Levi is attempting to make the back-end testing
work via the Bitbucket Pipeline as automated testing that will test every bit of pushed code to ensure it works. However, this
is also having difficulties - the tests are executing, but they cannot carry out their task because the database has not been
initialized. Tia also showed off some of her work, primarily the concept of a GUI for checking audit trail.

## Things Clarified

We have set up tasks for each person to work on to help complete the iterations for the third feature.
- Levi will start with trying to fix the automated testing pipeline for future commits, then work on implementing the audit trail.
- Riley will work on implementing drag-and-drop features for the document editing, as well as making documents reversible.
- Tia will work on taking her proof-of-concept modal for audit trail tracking into the actual application.
- Hunter will work on creating an email reminder system that sends an email to admin when a document has been signed.