# Project Workshop Meeting

## Meeting Start Time

2025/04/03/13:00

## Meeting End Time

2025/04/03/13:30

## Location/Medium

Meeting was held over Discord after class, due to Riley being in a separate class section.

## Present

Levi, Riley, Tia

## Minute Recorder

Levi

## Things clarified

We used this time to discuss feedback from iteration 4, and work on implementing it into our program. UI has been a massive
reason as to why we've been losing points, so we're putting a big focus on that for this iteration. We're also doing some 
research into the testing - primarily, how to exclude files from a backend coverage test. This is an important step to 
keep our code organized and well tested. We also used this time to work on the poster that we are presenting at the CS dinner.

## Progress Made

Overall, we did a good job! We feel more confident about our poster as well as our start to iteration 5. The new UI looks
very strong and needs a few more improvements before we're satisfied with it. We've also made strides towards the way we handle
documents, so they're more intuitive and easier to see the final result of. We've also made it so that the document signing
process works smoother.