# Project Workshop Meeting

## Meeting Start Time

2025/01/21/09:30

## Meeting End Time

2025/01/21/09:45

## Location/Medium

Meeting was held over Discord during class time.

## Present

Levi, Hunter, Tia (Riley is in the 11:00 section and was caught up on the details of the meeting afterwards.)

## Minute Recorder

Levi

## Things clarified

Discussed what was needed for the upcoming Project Workshop on Thursday. Decided it would be best to host the project on
my laptop for the 9:30 section and Riley's laptop for the 11:00 section. We also discussed our plan for the UI violation
assignment, which will likely be taking a look at potential error codes. We should be able to use this to make solid progress
in the upcoming days, and ensure we fulfill all the upcoming assignments.

## Progress Made

We used this time to make progress on two major parts. Primarily, working on the UI for the upcoming audit trail feature, 
ensuring that it will be visible in a meaningful away. Also, working on the automated testing pipeline issue that held us
up during the refactoring assignment. We've figured out a way to add a modifier to the tests that automatically configures
the tables to be ready for testing, if they are not already ready. We just need to implement it in such a way that it
actually carries it out, and it will be set. We expect this to be finished tomorrow.