# Week of 2/17/2025 - 2/23/2025

## Meeting Start Time

2025/02/17/16:00

## Meeting End Time

2025/02/17/16:30

## Location/Medium

Meeting was held over Discord.

## Present

Levi, Riley, Tia

## Minute Recorder

Levi

## Topics Discussed

This meeting was used for multiple goals! Firstly, Tia has been mainly focusing on the front end development so far. However,
now that we are hitting iteration 4, front-end development is becoming slightly less important compared to some back end
priorities. Not to mention, we will be using endpoint functionality a lot more. We used this meeting to go over our plans, and
working alongside Tia to make sure everyone understands what goes on for the HTTP requests. With this meeting happening,
development of the fourth iteration should go much smoother.

## Things Clarified

The team members are working on the following goals:
- Levi: Developing tests and modularity for the back end.
- Tia: Creating more endpoint functionality between the front-end and the back-end.
- Riley: Front-end tests and coverage, as well as implementing more signature functionality.