# Client Meeting on 12/04/2024

## Meeting Start Time

2024/12/04/15:00

## Meeting End Time

2024/12/04/15:30

## Location/Medium

Microsoft Teams

## Present

Levi, Hunter, Riley, Tia, Josh, Gabriel

## Minute Recorder

Levi

## Topics Discussed

We used this meeting to show off iteration 2 and our new features! We demonstrated the following:

- The ability to delete documents from the database
- The ability to send emails to clients to be signed
- The new client side website dedicated to client activities
- The ability to edit documents with text boxes

We also discussed our plans for our iteration 3 features, primarily

- Improvement on the document editing, including text box labels
- Adding an audit trail to the documents
- Clean up on the back end, adding more tests and making document upload more straight forward
- Maybe adding clients if we feel comfortable with the workload

## Things Clarified

Accutech likes the direction that we are going in, as well as the progress we have made. We plan to continue in this direction,
and want to start iteration 3 with that cleanup that we discussed in the meeting. Furthermore, we also want to take a look
at the best way to implement test coverage and continuous integration in bitbucket, as opposed to github. These are our main
priorities moving into iteration 3.

## Client Feedback

Accutech said that they were super impressed with how far we've gotten! We expressed some interest in changing our document
editing to be drag and drop, and they said that it would be cool, but not required. The noted that a lot of competitors in
the industry currently use coordinates, and it would be ok for us to stick with a refined coordinate system. They noted that 
our current progress is very impressive, and we're a bit ahead of expectations. Moving forward, they want us to keep polish
in mind, and try and keep an "improve as you go" mentality towards the UI/UX features. 