# Client Meeting on 04/24/2025

## Meeting Start Time

2025/03/17/13:00

## Meeting End Time

2025/03/17/14:00

## Location/Medium

Microsoft Teams

## Present

Levi, Riley, Tia, Josh, Ryland, Linc, Dan, Philip, Craig

## Minute Recorder

Levi

## Topics Discussed

We used this meeting to show off iteration 5 and our new features! We demonstrated the following:
- The drag-n-drop as well as resizability
- The ability to use proper emailing as opposed to test emailing
- The new pdf form filling process

Because this is our last iteration for Accutech, we opted to wrap things up here! Accutech was very happy with the progress
that we've made, and wants to take this program into account when working. Ryland was especially impressed by the
document builder, and is interested in looking on the inside to see how it was implemented. Overall, this is a very
good process that we've created, and Accutech is very interested in using it for their design flow.

## Things Clarified

Accutech was very happy to see that the program has made large progress since the fourth iteration. They were happy to
see the overhauled document builder, as well as the smoothness of the features. We took care of the issues that they 
brought up in the previous iteration - mainly focusing on the ease of use and the ability to revert a decision that's been made. 

## Client Use of the Project

Josh and Ryland were able to directly use our software! We used the same method that we had in the previous iteration,
where Ryland deployed the software locally and used screensharing for Josh to interact. They liked how smooth it felt
and how it worked with the documents. When we asked for anything they would add, they mentioned the following:

- They would love the ability for pre-entered client data to automatically fill out in the document signing
- They would appreciate it if the boxes placed on a template would re-appear when editing the template again, for small adjustments
- It would be better if the steps were made apparent for individuals who aren't used to this kind of software

