# Client Meeting on 02/03/2025

## Meeting Start Time

2025/02/03/13:15

## Meeting End Time

2025/02/03/13:45

## Location/Medium

Microsoft Teams

## Present

Levi, Riley, Tia, Josh, Ryland, Gabriel

## Minute Recorder

Levi

## Topics Discussed

We used this meeting to show off iteration 3 and our new features! We demonstrated the following:
- The dynamic document loading that automatically shows and hides documents that have been uploaded and deleted.
- The new audit trail that shows when a job has been created, and when a job has been deleted.
- The new document builder that has an improved UI, and a function to create a box when clicked on.

We also discussed our plans for our iteration 4 features, primarily
- Making it possible to add more than 1 text box.
- Allowing each text box to display what kind of information should be input.
- Adding in clients that hold onto given information, so documents can be sent directly to them.

## Things Clarified

Accutech continues to like the progress! Ryland was happy that we designed our next steps around the feedback that he gave us,
namely the addition of the text field and the addition of the click for placing the block. Accutech is very focused on the
functionality of the document builder the most - this is one of the most important aspects for them. It is important that it
be intuitive and easy to use, something we've made a priority of the project.

## Client Use of the Project

The client used our software pretty well! There was some trouble navigating. It seems like it is a little unintuitive on where
to go to achieve specific functions, although the user.md does help with this. They tested all the new iteration features. They 
used our software for about 10 minutes. They praised the new UI, as well as the intuitiveness of the document builder. I think
the navigation can definitely be improved to make it easier to use. Otherwise, this went very smoothly!

## Client Feedback

Accutech loves the new features! The GUI looks very nice and is similar to their own internal GUI. They discussed that they
prefer that the ability to make several text boxes be prioritized above other features in the fourth iteration. They like
the new document builder, and want it to be further developed. They also enjoy the quality of life features, and appreciate
that we're still making sure to make those changes as time goes forward.

