# Client Meeting on 03/17/2025

## Meeting Start Time

2025/03/17/14:00

## Meeting End Time

2025/03/17/15:00

## Location/Medium

Microsoft Teams

## Present

Levi, Riley, Tia, Josh, Ryland, Gabriel

## Minute Recorder

Levi

## Topics Discussed

We used this meeting to show off iteration 4 and our new features! We demonstrated the following:
- The ability to add and delete clients from the client list.
- The ability to use clients as a "quick send" for documents, so that the admin doesn't need to type in the information each time
- The new document builder changes, including the ability to add several boxes.

We also discussed our plans for our iteration 4 features, primarily
- Making the boxes individually fillable, resulting in a smoother signing experience for the client
- Autofilling or reccomending information from a client profile directly into the boxes
- Implementing proper signing while the client is filling out their information, not just afterwards.

## Things Clarified

Accutech likes the approach we've been taking! As we reach the final iteration of this project, it is very important for us to
keep in mind how we plan to tackle the documents. This has been something that has been giving us a lot of trouble, especially
in regard to viewports and coordinates. We discussed how we plan to tackle it, and it seems like we're aiming towards an approach
where a user will fill out a form, and the pdf will populate to show the information input. This seems to be the smoothest approach,
and one that doesn't require messy hacked-together solutions.

## Client Use of the Project

Josh got to directly use our software! Ryland deployed it via Docker onto his computer, and Josh interacted with it via screenshare.
Josh tested out uploading a document, editing a document, sending a document, and signing the document as a client. He did 
not interact with the audit trail or the client saving functionality, but he did see it when we showed off the software. He was
very happy with the functionality of the software! The main issues came from the viewport compatability of different web browsers,
and some of the UI that didn't feel very natural. Overall, a very positive reaction! Just a few tweaks in order to make it 
feel more like a piece of software in production.


