# Mentor Meeting on 11/22/2024

## Meeting Start Time

2024/11/22/15:00

## Meeting End Time

2024/11/22/15:30

## Location/Medium

Held on Microsoft Teams.

## Present

Gabriel, Levi, Hunter, Riley, Tia

## Minute Recorder

Levi

## Topics Discussed

We discussed our current features in iteration 2 and how we currently have an emphasis on seperating the different features 
into more organized sections of the website, to help smooth out the flow through the process. I demonstrated how clients now have
their own front end dedicated to signing documents based on the link that they are sent. Riley discussed the implementation of
the PDF library and how admin should be able to create boxes detailing where signatures and information should go, and how clients
will be able to fill out the boxes. Hunter discussed how he is working on the deletion of table data, and Tia is working on creating
fleshed out front-end designs to go along-side the new client front-end.

## Things Clarified

Gabe discussed the expectations of the project moving forward, and how pdf rendering and separation of the website are definitely
very important aspects for Accutech. Accutech definitely likes the progress we've made so far and wants us to continue moving
forward. However, he did comment that we aren't necessarily communicating enough, and it's important to make sure we have conversations
regarding who should be working on what, and ensuring that people aren't overwriting the same files when working together.
