# Mentor Meeting on 11/1/2024

## Meeting Start Time

2024/10/18/15:00

## Meeting End Time

2024/10/18/15:15

## Location/Medium

Held on Microsoft Teams.

## Present

Gabriel, Levi, Hunter, Riley, Tia

## Minute Recorder

Levi

## Topics Discussed

We went over our progress on iteration so far. We've shown how several of the endpoints have been created to pass information
from the front end to the back end. We also went over our front end functionality, showing our ability to display files, upload
files, and our ideas for an accessible front end. Gabriel looked at the individual areas and helped give advice, as well as
sharing that he likes where the project is going, and appreciates the amount of progress being shown off.

## Things Clarified

The main roadblock in our way currently is the ability to connect to the database to upload and download files.
Riley is currently working on this, and Levi plans to help him after Levi has finished his current requirement. This is
one of the few roadblocks that we've encountered thus far, so I imagine that once we clear it, a massive amount of progress
will be able to be made. Tia is continuing to work on the front end, Levi is currently working on the ability to send files to
clients, and Hunter is working on the client's ability to sign a file given to them.